Central defender Huang Zi gives Huang Shang a special beast
Princess Erchen returns to yellow
Good luck for a long time
All beasts have no river
Everyone, get up, Xie Huang
This ship is wandering in the capital
Zuohu Jingxing. This is simply from the base.
It’s not pornographic. This is the son-in-law Meng Baiming who can quarrel.
Use seventy-seven forty-nine days
Beat Zhao Erchen in exchange for ten thousand taels of gold
Gold capsizes
Princess Erchen returns to the throne
Everything turns upside down
This is the tipping over
It's really thoughtful. It's good.
The whole court up and down
I have three bad sons
I have the most sincere heart for Your Majesty. Thank you father.
Speaking of Brother Huang
Where is your hand?